Use the following pieces of context to answer the question at the end. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

2.4. Training protocols

The models were all trained with the same parameters: 500 epochs, 
an initial learning rate of 0.01 with a weight decay of 0.005, the opti-
mizer Adam was chosen, with a beta1 of 0.937, and data augmentation 
transformations  were  applied  while  training.  Data  augmentation  is  a 
technique used in machine learning to artificially increase the size of a 
dataset  by  creating  new  samples  from  the  existing  ones.  Augmented 
samples are used to train the model more effectively by increasing its 
ability to generalize and its accuracy on the test dataset. The advantage 
of this technique when dealing with a low amount of data such as in our 
case, is the reduced risk of overfitting, since models are exposed to more 
variations, they will tend  to less memorize the dataset. This  becomes 
essential when you have limited data to train models with, which is a 
common problem in deep-learning applications. Another advantage is

Because of the low amount of data at our disposal, cross validation 
was used to ensure the statistical results, and that the model was not 
over-fitting. Over-fitting happens when a model is too complex for the 
amount of data given and loses the ability to learn a solution that gen-
eralizes well because it fits the training data too much, resulting in poor 
performance  on  unseen  data.  The  cross-validation  technique  we  used 
works as follows: K crosses are created by randomly shuffling the dataset 
and dividing it into a training and an evaluation set K times, then for 
each cross, a new model is trained. This allows us to train K different 
models,  each  one  on  a  different  version  of  the  dataset.  Once  all  the 
models are trained, we evaluate them and average all of their perfor-
mances to better understand the model's capability on this dataset. The 
similarity  of  each  model's  evaluation  results  would  indicate  that  the

models are less likely to be overfitting on the data, therefore showing 
that they are more likely to be capable of generalizing this task on un-
seen data. The opposite would be if the models achieve highly different 
results, suggesting that they are very dependent on the data they were 
trained on and might generalize poorly to unseen data. In our case, each 
model used a cross-validation of 5 crosses.

Question: %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query in less than 400 words. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.

%Query
Query: "What are the criteria used to split the data for deep learning model training (e.g., train, test, validation)?"

Provide your answer as follows:

Answer:::
Answer: (provide your answer to query in less than 400 words)

Answer:::

Helpful Answer:
In the given context, the criterion used to split the data for deep learning model training is not explicitly mentioned. However, it can be inferred that the data was divided into training and evaluation sets using a method called K-fold cross-validation. In K-fold cross-validation, the original sample is randomly partitioned into K equal sized subsamples or folds. Of the K subsamples, a single subsample is retained as the validation data for testing the model, and the remaining K âˆ’ 1 subsamples are used as training data. The cross-validation process is then repeated K times, with each of the K subsamples used exactly once as the validation data. The K results can then be averaged to produce a single estimation. In this case, each model used a cross-validation of 5 crosses, meaning that the data was divided into five equal parts, and each part was used as the validation data once.